gxbase/helpers-experimental directory README

2013
----
These are some of the experimental binary 'helpers' i've been working on that may be later incorporated
into the gxbase shell environment. Since they are experimental, some may not work yet or ever. They may
also be supersceded elsewhere. However, they are still here until I think they are totally never going to
contribute to the project. At which time, I will delete them from the source tree. Just a warning for those
who may depend on it if such a thing were to happen. I'll of course not delete them from previous versions
they were in, seperation of version and content, you know. If they do work, they may not be entirely bug free
and may be entirely feature-free (-less) at this time. Empty source (zero or few bytes) marks a placeholder
for startup stuff kind of like brainstorming only in such a way to save data not having to draw a picture or
even have much file content. If you have questions, you can contact me of course via email <osirisgothra@hotmail.com>

New versions of gxbase are always available from git://gitorious.org/gxbase/gxbase.git and you can refresh
the tree using a simple 'git clone' with the address above. My website (formerly paradisim.tk, but taken from
me by corporate liars*) is now at it's permanant home, http://paradisim.twilightparadox.net, which is the
Paradisim (LLC) Twilight Paradox Homepage. *=those guys who lend 'free for life domains' and then take it away 
when traffic reaches a certain level and re-parking it for an outragous amount of money. What they really mean
is 'free as long as it is worthless'.

2014
----
Development here has been deemed more of a sandbox than working integration parts, and because of that, I will
not be using most of it for gxbase's defaults and if I do, may become a separate project which will cause it 
to become a dependency. It is here now still because they are not complete, and I want it to be available in
case someone decides it is useful to complete it at some point, especially myself and forkers.
